City Bike Data AnalysisKristen ScalettaTo complete my analysis, I looked at City Bike Data trip information from a discrete period of time in June 2013. The purpose of this analysis was to make a data-based determination of the best kind of customer to solicit to convert to a subscriber.First, I looked at a map of start stations during that time, indicating where users tended to live or originate from if tourists. They largely tended to be clustered in lower to mid-Manhattan—the map shows by circle size the popularity of the station and by density the average length of the trips taken from it. I also looked at most popular start and end stations broken down by customer and subscriber. Ultimately, we want to convert customers to subscribers for regular revenue. This helped me visualize the percentage of customers vs subscribers per popular station (some may be more popular with customers because they are tourist destinations—those were not considered since tourists likely won’t subscribe). In looking at the more popular stations with just subscribers using a filter, I could pinpoint likely where others may live or work who could be targeted for this program, thus enhancing our customer avatar.Lastly, I noted that birth year didn’t have a significant impact on subscriber or trip duration implying that perhaps subscribers tend to be commuters living a reasonable biking distance for a regular to-from commute from work. Customers have a longer trip duration since they are perhaps using the service for tourist purposes or one-off exercise or visits.Based on all of this data I came up with the following avatar of the individuals who we should target to become subscribers:* Lives in lower or mid-Manhattan, specifically the zip codes with a larger proportion of subscribers—those are likely to be neighborhoods where individuals with similar commuting needs live.* Is employed in NYC.By targeting this audience, we can hope to increase subscribers and generate more reliable revenue.